[Autogenerated] welcome to managing access to AWS Resources.
In this model, we will concentrate on AWS authorization framework.
I will provide an exhaustive overview off out of position framework.
We will explore several scenarios and we will tackle the
different problems by liver region on proper access
management tools More in detail.
We will explore the following topics aws I am policy which is an I am
out the physician tool which allow us to grant grandmother permission
on AWS results is regarding I am policy.
We will see the different policy variation which are identity
basit results based and session policies and we will understand
the scenarios where they feed better.
Also,
we will explore with more details special policies related to AWS s three
service which are bucket policies and lifecycle policies.
Let me know start with the definition What is the least privileged principle?
It is the practice of limiting access rights for the user to the bare
minimum permissions they need to perform their work.
It is very clear that providing all users the same
access level toe all resources very, very dangerous.
Ah,
well desagneaux out of position framework must be able to
cover this peaceful does allow in granular and control it
access to proper resources.
Let me now provide a quick note on AWS success
management from operational points of view.
First,
we should note that a new AWS I am user by default has no privileges at all.
This means that we need to do some additional configuration to
allow the user to perform some actions on a Darius results is
the set of privileges off the user is specified by an object
which is called I am policy.
Once created for the policy to be effective,
it must be attached,
which means associated with I am identities which are identified by users,
groups, resources and roles.
According the type of identity.
We have different form off policies which we will describe later in the tales.
Here we go with the definition.
I am policy defined permission for inaction,
regardless off the mattered that you used to perform the
operation and this is kind of self explanatory.
I am policy.
The find a set of permission to do something also considered
that if a policy allowed to do some action,
then I use it with that policy.
Can perform these action with AWS management console with
AWS July or directly with AWS a p I.
But how the policy looks like policy is adjacent document
composed by the following elements.
A version which identified the current version of the specific
Policy Object and Help 1000 Policy Management.
Then we have a set of statements.
Each statement composed by a service identify air,
which is a friendly name which help us in identify
single statement within our policy.
Then we have an effect which can assume in the allow or deny values the action
which described the specific action we want to allow or deny.
For example,
it can be in a read on s tree object or a stop or two a C two machine and so on.
Then we have the resources which indicates the AWS
resources to which we provide access.
And finally,
we have the condition which specify some condition that has
to be met for the policy toe have effect.
Please note that I am policy has mandatory elements which are the orange
ones and optional elements which are the blue ones and also noted that
you can have as many statements as you want.
Now let's introduce a tricky topic.
How high Am Policy is evaluated Amazon as a specific workflow,
which is made up of four points.
First, authentication where the identity of the user is evaluated.
Second, the context is processed.
Context here consists in the body off the policy itself,
____ the different type of policy here are evaluated
together to establish if there is a least one allow
statement within single account and finally,
the most crucial step where the final evaluation take place.
Let me provide more details regarding this point.
There are three main points which rules the final evaluation.
Often I am policy by default.
All recast is implicitly denied in other terms.
To allow someone to do something,
you have to write down a policy to allow a specific combination off
resources and actions and explicit allow can override.
It is the fault.
As a stated before,
when you write down that someone can do something which
is an explicit allow automatically, These authorized the default behavior,
which is implicit, deny and finally, an explicit deny.
Authorize a previously stated allow rule,
and this can be subtle,
but it is a very handy rule and gives you many degrees
of freedom when creating a policy.
One final note on different categories.
Off I am policies On one side, we have managed policies.
Manager policies,
comes into different ways AWS management policies and customer manager policies.
On the other side,
we have in line policies which are embedded in I am identities,
and the main use case for them is when you need a streak toe.
Want one relationship between identity and it's permissions. In all other cases, AWS recommends the use of managers policies.